[Telemetry] Collector Schema (#64942)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/usage_collection/README.md

  }

  // create usage collector
  const myCollector = usageCollection.makeUsageCollector<Usage>(...)

  // register usage collector
  usageCollection.registerCollector(myCollector);
}
```

## Schema Field

> The `schema` field is a proscribed data model that eliminates maintenance of mappings in the telemetry cluster. Simply define a schema field that specifies every possible field reported by the collector. Whenever the `schema` field is set or changed. Please run `node scripts/telemetry_check.js --fix` to update the stored schema json files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `schema` field is a proscribed data model that assists with detecting changes in usage collector payloads. Simply define a schema field that specifies every possible field reported by the collector. Whenever the `schema` field is set or changed. Please run `node scripts/telemetry_check.js --fix` to update the stored schema json files.
```

Reviewer: re my suggestion: we should rather not couple the usage data schema with the mappings in the telemetry cluster because these are likely not going to be 1 to 1.
